good evening my people today I bring you a
couple of sauce a couple of a couple of salt it
became good one in reality it is a salt seo
as such it is a small mess that was
formed last night on twitter due to an
alleged humiliation by greve
captain of one of the top
gamers academy teams towards a contestant
apparently people are complaining that apparently they
think she is humiliated the
humiliated okay now we will see that
humiliation and on the other hand his
brother has recommended that I watch a
video must exhibit antique gas which is
a gem so we are going to see everything
but first I have to give you a couple of
very good news very
good and very rich okay first
of all I have to tell you that youtube
has approved what we requested last
night what we requested last night
well let me explain we requested
an exclusive category so that my
followers can become
members
at a latam price okay I don't know
exactly what the price of the is
ok if you could put it here for me for the
kid I would appreciate it but I have seen that
many of you know is having realized and
you know I set members to zero like crazy
okay because I did this for money
well let's see for Chavez I'm going to earn
very little money now for less you can't
put the subscription okay so if you
're annoying they have
the subscription at I think 50 cent I
don't know I don't know it's amazing it's amazing
because I did it for money I'm not going to
make very little money from this but
because I want more people to be able to
become members and be able to enjoy the
full live shows I'm
not going to upload the full live shows
Victor thank you very much good evening I'm
not going to upload the
full live shows to my channel no way no way
the full live shows it's amazing
look at the joke but for a
symbolic price we're going to be able to break the member record
yesterday we were very close to 900
I think that today we will have surpassed it
but I hope that with this no, I mean there
the people who want to be members who
want to support me and that I had one day
give me the [ __ ] license plate of the secondary channel
that they don't want to give it to me well I  I think
with this there is no excuse I think
with this there is no excuse slow pythons
welcome welcome loving
thank you very much so I
leave it in your hands okay guys
sutti and welcome thank you very much and I
want to tell you one more thing
before before commenting on it about gres I want to comment on something and I hope that this is in fact I'm not going to dedicate an entire live to this man more or an excerpt at least okay I don't think so but I'm going to comment on one thing in this in this deal ok it turns out that
yesterday was yes it was yesterday yesterday something happened in
the spam live that we
realized and it's something that I think is very serious
for jackson
[Music]
Welcome to all of you who are
becoming members I hope not to disappoint you
and that you stay with me forever
Saul thank you very much I
hope not to disappoint and those of you who
always give with me you already know that here you will
have content every day but
every day some digit is not worth it but
almost every day of the week we are
here n that welcome
[Music]
I love it but we will have  passed in
900 but I love it because there are people
Alejandro welcome there are people who
put on the live excerpts to
sleep and now they are cursing the
dead that I had put the
can option there is no welcome to be
finishing off the dead that I had
put the option of the so because it will be right
now different Javi I [ __ ]
the host then nothing
thank you for the minutes that happens that
happens this little intro okay
on the other hand what you were being
scared
something happened yesterday in his live which is
which sorry we didn't
realize and I think it's very important okay
this is the live he did yesterday that we
were watching well while he
was live we were
watching them ok and I think it's at minute
28 if I'm not mistaken because he posted a
tweet today he
said something that made my blood run
wild okay but we really didn't
realize thank you me that the seriousness of
this ok pay
attention everyone
talking about something else
and my grace but well for example
since the quarantine began I
am partly on the front line
as a police officer
40 the effort thanks
my goodness but this is a rain of
members the youtube chat
Felipe welcome the youtube chat
literally right now is green literally
the chat on youtube is green
with heavy evans thank you very much
welcome
[Music]
Aaron thank you very much there is a problem
to solve
j heard many times it remains to be solved
and that is that in some countries in some
countries there are no cards to become a
member you sign up you are in the payment with
paypal or I don't know what move but
apparently there are countries where it is impossible
more jose welcome welcome
arab with velez good people with see of
good people
mariángel
[Music]
now I can't solve the card problem
can I put
special pressure for it is ok or can I put a
special price for it but now through
the program the card I can't
solve it
thanks logic the only thing I do I can
decide who wants to be members and ca
n't on youtube is to become a
member great plan thank you very much
welcome for doing thank you very much
I knew that you were my fan but I didn't
expect you to make me a member so
you can watch the live shows  in short man
patzi thank you very much
I find the face thing funny
pensive face smiling face with
sunglasses smiling face with horns biceps push-
ups well I'm going to veto it a man
from Logroño
I'm going to throw today's because it's my turn they're
touching my ball Daniela welcome
welcome
well we can continue with the spam
kof we're 7 minutes into this
live deal at the end I think it's going to be
dedicated to him
because we created 7 minutes here and the bank
when he comes to react to this video
to take a video throwing mg and
saying nonsense he's going to eat a
video celebrating the members okay well pay
attention to what he says okay I'm going to
put it a little I
said that I think I could have uploaded
videos talking about something else it
's not very difficult marco thanks
quarantine me since I started the
quarantine
Sergio welcome to being a police officer since
the quarantine started I have
gone with muscle pains I have gone with
fever I have
gone extremely tired because
I have two shifts in a row he
just said to justify that I did not
make a video because according to him because I did not feel like it he
just said that from
the  quarantine
went to work with a fever
with muscle aches and extreme
fatigue I don't know if it's some symptom more
weekends
because he needs him, I mean, he's saying that he has
gone with symptoms
that are kitten symptoms, thank you
welcome, it doesn't mean that in
part, now if he thank you very much, it doesn't mean that you have a
fever, that you have a fever, it doesn't
mean that you have coronavirus,
that you are extremely tired either,
but if you have those symptoms that can
be symptoms of coronavirus, you cannot go to
work and less a police officer
in fact then uploaded a live because
apparently he was in quarantine
because a colleague tested positive or something
like that, I don't remember well, okay, but I
remember that they sent it to me, I remind him
that they sent it, the thing is, the thing is, you
're saying that with those symptoms
you went to work and he's saying it
like hitting yourself in the chest like,
look, look, I went to work
despite the fact that it confers you, you can't go to
work if you have a fever, I mean, it
seems seriously irresponsible to me, it
seems seriously irresponsible and
well, even on Twitter I paid for it, I can't
look at his Twitter because well I could
see it all the way around but neither  nothing
relevant when I put it to him on
twitter he
told me two stupid things he told me
that those symptoms are generic and that they
could be from or anything else it's
true but you don't know you have to
take a PCR to be able to go to work
but first of all if you wake up one day
with a fever and extreme fatigue it's not
possible to even think about going to work it
seems very serious to me war the south-south night I
saw you on the street you too you
also get angry at me I hope that
photo wasn't recent
I hope and well nothing in other order of
things another thing I found out yesterday was
that the turkey had posted a tweet
referring to this thread of the
dallas thread we didn't see that at the
time the age thread
the dallas thread well more blocked
spam coz okay he couldn't stand the
oliveira style
and it turns out that this is what he posted
about the dallas thread I have read
everything I do not consider that it falls into grooming
because there are no victims of the events and
according to the elements provided
the first phase could be considered
as a possible apology for  the app habush
habush you already know everything
amazing amazing but it's an assumption he's
not confirming it he's not
confirming it it could be considered
Alvarez no
what's up way what's up today thank you very much
for your hanger there you have it for sure
thank you king thank you very much
surely this is sarcasm taken out of
context or well
but let's see it's incredible you're already being
you have grooming but what could be
considered possible okay it's a
possibility he's not signing anything
then there's no problem okay apology
for the app of the minor
you you you you late late late the marinera with
this man what ways no that were
ways no that it was a way to find a
place for himself on the platform no that it was a
way no of having to position himself in
this way and of doing the things he does
no thanks for making us happy with your
direct uncles south
what's up dude
what's up dude have you
seen me with 25 kilos less what
happens is that I don't understand going out you know with
Miami lithium and what's up dude that I can do
more
but well money problems so
okay let's see it turns out that let's see
about Greece ok you know I'm not
following the program about touch I was
watching the first two galas a little bit
and such to see if Salceda and
Pérez finish what's there you can't get nice from the
PSE or you can't even get salt or does anyone
remember from Top Games Academy
someone is leaving is watching
this program
someone is watching this program I
don't know but anyway let's see what
happened already moving on to this
next and last topic on Thursday about
serious and what's happening well I'll
put you in a little bit of context in the
program that has the Top Games
Academy there is a girl called
Copycat who is on the team of what
would it be the girl I
think this one no I don't know if she has been this one do you
know which one it is
greetings Javi I'm watching the documentary
The Challenge is shocking I saw it
screaming in fear I saw it I recommend it
to all the young people to see it I don't know if
making a video on the subject is worth it but I
recommend that you see it so that people
know what the band ETA was I
recommend that I saw it the same night that
it was promoted  I watched the
eight episodes of Wish Mocho in the same night in
fact I was up all
night watching it so how strong it is
strong I don't know if I should make a video on
the subject taking advantage of the fact that I have a
young audience well young audience the
majority are women but taking advantage of the fact that
there are people in my audience who are
young okay
when I say young Virginia thank you
when I say young I'm talking about people between
18 and 30 okay there is a large part of my
audience that is also between 18 30
20 25 who don't know everything about ETA
so I would like to take advantage of my
reach to spread the word about the subject and
perhaps make some kind of video
documenting the documentary video in a well
structured and well done way on the
subject about everyone who has followed with the
terrorist group ETA so that of course it
would be a video studying the
garden because it would be a video that involves
a lot of work a lot of compilation a lot of
research and a lot of newspaper archives and that it will
not be possible to monetize I think I will not be
able to monetize that today it is difficult for me to
monetize the video that I upload
main in fact I was doubting whether to record it or
not because many  sometimes I want to
touch on other topics I'm
not going to monetize for free
and well to all this serious since
a couple of weeks ago that
the qualifiers have started he usually complains a lot
about this girl he usually tells her that she is not
good at playing making jokes in
quotes that she can be a militant it would be good
this would have to be done by someone who
watches the program that they would have
made for me if someone wants it to be sent to me
by email René René dry welcome thank you
very much hey what about people in
the afternoon
that people from the attack it
is possible that we reach a thousand
members
logic thank you very much
if someone follows the program and has
located all of grave's mockery
towards those girls I would appreciate it it was
good to send it okay this is a good
job for Genesis the followers I
show you that he makes compilations and such
although he charges for it and gives us the videos
to Miguel his brother
if he is bored one day you don't want
this compilation would be it would be good
for me to mark a video for the
main channel we are not going to see because of
course I would like to see everything to be
able to assess whether it is a humiliation or not
I imagine that he will do it within the
context of the  joke but it's getting
a little bit too much really affecting
the girl and is that go we have this
series of tweets like for example it says the
brave only copycat on the wild
ibex team and puts the title I have here
prepared
[Music]
basically a joke like saying that
poor willy no what does it take now
this girl on her team not blanca if you
read this we love you very much and I hope you
come back to my team I don't care if you don't
improve as players we care about your
heart
[Music]
thanks to víctor churra thank you very much
rey but víctor never writes
if I search for javi oliveira
the secondary channel appears first what that is
due to
normally depends a bit on you what
you say what you see so I
imagine that you see the secondary channel more
than the main one this
can happen to a lot of people because I am
more active on the secondary channel than on the
main one these days I am giving it a go on the
main one idk it's not that it's that there are
no topics that I say damn it's
going to make an edited video you know I
feel like recording for the main one
but I have already managed to get the
notifications to work better  you
are welcome now
[Music]
cardama jacaranda vid
aranda min thank you very much welcome
and well basically everyone there were a lot of
people telling him that I added that he is
going a bit too far not the
willy rex video all angry
frustrated or rather like saying yes
copycat is going to will and willy's team
and would end up despairing because of how bad she
is then he posts this other tweet the one that
says blanca and if you read this we love you
very much and I hope you come back
to my team I don't care if you don't improve as players we care about you short the air star the welcome term and several people starting to comment on this same thing seriously look thanks to idiots like you there are people with self-esteem issues it only encourages bullying instead of encouraging her to
improve and giving advice helmet das let's
see I don't know if this tweet is a bit exaggerated
is that I would have as I told you I
would have to see it to evaluate it well I would
have to see everything, I mean all the
jokes that he has been doing over time I
believed the girl but
outside of encouraging bullying that
seems like a pretty big word to me
but anyway if it is supposed  that he
is he
what would be his name
which would be called in this program they would be
called the coach the team leader would be
the coach he has to
train her he has to train her he has to
encourage her so that the girl
improves no
this is not encouraging her this is let's make
self-esteem go to
[ __ ]
let's basically the money I
put it that I've seen he's not
celebrating he's celebrating being kicked off
his team he wants to be kicked off the
program I do
n't think it's bad but at least it's
noticeable that you haven't learned anything from the
mistakes of your past the good that it gives him
is a chapter in your book of
secrets of youtube and where it says that
you mature but in truth it's still
a destiny
apart from the little boy let's see I am
completely they
are children for not calling it another way they
are children the boss the shooter the other
only the behavior they have and
the things they do can already be seen or
assembled everything everything everything everything everything everything I
could I could
go on a lot in things that
I see that are things of children things of
children that was very overcome now why
suddenly they have money or fame you know what I'm
telling you then it rises to it goes away
the pot they go to Andorra and instead of
filling the bag they start
buying million dollar cars okay
[ __ ] when you don't buy a
Ferrari buy a BMW
nice BMW a nice Mercedes has
leaked it looks beautiful you know how to
go to Andorra to buy
[ __ ] issue well the truth is I don't know
so the issue well I would have to
talk about this many times but I would have to
go on much more
in my case I am very happy to
pay taxes well happy to pay taxes in
Spain I want to pay taxes in Spain
I consider that Spanish social security
must be supported because in
life or rather in life tremendous okay and
you go to a person like me who has an
illness and my treatment is expensive I
am happy with what I pay
now over here a little bit of coronavirus is going to come in okay happy
with what I pay with what I pay
I am happy with paying taxes in Spain
mainly because
social security is the best we have
and obviously it is good the only thing I
see and it pisses me off when
money is wasted okay with things like
income  minimum living wage with things like
a ton of pay and a bunch of
absurd things they want to do to us,
politicians raise their salaries like the one who
shot down with a gun, thank you more
little by little little by little but I don't I do
n't know how to defend myself and I'm from
more normal little cars
but I do see that a lot a lot a lot a
lot what is paid or
rather a lot what is paid like it
's okay to pay 20% but it's not
20 percent you have 20% plus 300
euros a month that 300 euros a month is
four thousand euros a year as if to say it's
worth four thousand euros more apart from the 20
percent of what you earn four thousand
euros more and then they do the
annual declaration and it regulates it and in the end they
screw you there's another another another swear another this
thing that I see a lot of it in reaction to
your reaction to the video of my story
with Dallas grabbing that more of a lollipop
lollipop Joshua I don't know I don't
know if that would be a good idea or it would be
crazy I don't know I'll think about it
but basically there are people
well almost all of us end up
paying  half of what we earn and that is what I
see a lot, I mean, I think it's fine to
pay a self-employed fee but I think
300 is a lot because he pays 300, earns
what he earns, for me it's fine, he
pays 300, okay, I'm not complaining, but for a
person who earns
two thousand euros, 305,
300, more than 20 percent is lame
and then on top of that,
thanks Charlie, welcome and then on
top of that, add 4, the regular annual rate, which,
well, in the end becomes as if he had
paid 40, 50 percent, I'm [ __ ]
crazy, it's a lot, a lot, knowing there
are a lot of videos, a lot of live videos, does he know
what he's been doing? You have to take
this into account, listen to a
TV program, a collaborator would be, you have to
get used to the idea
that out of the twelve months, eight
months are for you and four for doing,
four months, he works for doing, which I
think is more, I've progressed in
five for doing more or less. First, it will
depend on this, I agree with this, yes, it is
supposed that a thousand, thank you, Avenida
de Web is the leader of the team, a leader does
not start discrediting  to make memes
to make fun of how bad the
member of that is which by the way one
thing
anyway this hurts the self-employed
more because it is different because you
collect it, you collect the money they have it
in your hands and then you have to give it back in
three months
but it is done like this in all jobs, I
mean in any job that you are employed by someone
else in a factory in a bar,
whatever, okay if you earn 1200 in
reality you are costing your boss
two thousand five hundred in reality he pays,
he pays, he pays much more than what you
are earning okay because because
social security taxes there is knowledge
then everything is the same you are going to leave it does not
hurt you so much because you are
directly collecting one thousand two hundred thousand 500
you do not realize that in reality he has
earned three thousand you know team because if
that comes to feeling bad
honestly that has happened to me many
times in different situations
but it has happened to me so I understand
what happened in Andorra I do not understand it
perfectly if I were in another
situation, young man without responsibilities and my son, well,
maybe some have gone there
years to save as much as possible for as
long as it lasts done but then no
then don't come and take advantage of the
benefits of Spain I
threw myself you know water and you want to
understand paying taxes in Spain the whole thing
even if it was already but then don't come to us
don't come to take advantage t
understand me I don't know it's ugly it's
ugly it's ugly I understand I understand but because I
understand because it's too much if
taxes were a little fairer it would
be leaving it would be ratty I said you
want it you want to save the money
no but there are too many they are too
sincerely they are too much
that they become a joke and that it
pisses you off the fact that then
your leg is wasted
mega the max welcome when they make
unnecessary expenses and shitty expenses and
when you see that maybe to get some
headline the politicians have raised the
salary or you know then you say
you [ __ ] on the [ __ ] they are taking it away from
me so that I can do your house and raise your
salary because I am totally in
agreement
with paying
for example aid to people who
have no income
social security thing you know
but
but there are  things that really have very
little shame and we have to recognize it
but well what there is at the moment
I prefer to pay taxes in Spain than
elsewhere because with how bad certain
things are and that affects the person I say this
because it has happened to me so
yes and being a team leader instead
of making those jokes as is
as a web team leader I would have to
teach her how to play that's what it's for that's what it is
exposed for that the program is so that
these youtubers teach
these contestants in the middle of James
Academy or rather what we have said is like
this if you take and fall on
Greg's team that I think besides him is the one who
chose her they were the ones who chose
the participants no longer about Tuco of which I
was watching well it doesn't make much
sense you are supposed to
make the girls improve themselves
but it is understood nothing more than that it is supposed to
be like this but
anyway what do you think about this and I
think about this that I am going to keep quiet about what
I think better I am going to tell people to give their
opinion in the comments better okay
I'll do what I think now